DEVDOCS-2487: Create Deprecations and Sunsets page (#965)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/api-docs/apps/guide/apps-05-oauth.md

> ### Note
>
> * When your app receives a new token, any previously issued token is invalidated.

> > * As a best practice, your app should validate the list of scopes to ensure that it matches your app's needs and fail if it does not. At this time, the user can not pick and choose scopes. The dialog presented to the user requires the user to approve all scopes or none. For more information about available scopes, see [OAuth scopes](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/api-docs/getting-started/authentication/rest-api-authentication#oauth-scopes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> * As a best practice, your app should validate the list of scopes to ensure that it matches your app's needs and fails if it does not. At this time, the user cannot pick and choose scopes. The dialog presented to the user requires the user to approve all scopes or none. For more information about available scopes, see [OAuth scopes](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/api-docs/getting-started/authentication/rest-api-authentication#oauth-scopes).

```
